Go, go, go
Okay, you still dare to come and die
Heaven has a way, you don't go
Hell has no door, you barged in
Li Xuan, am I going to heaven?
Shall we make a bet?
Even if everyone dies today
We can both be safe and sound
Not sure if you win
Then I will lose to you
If you lose, you lose to me.
I won't lose
Okay, Qingqing, I've had enough.
If enough
Just wait to hit the road
I specifically told
No one is allowed to hold a funeral for Shen Wuji
It seems that your Shen family doesn't want to live a day longer
Li Jiashang
This beast sweeps through the low-level garbage
Why are you showing off your power here?
I told you the truth today, didn't I?
I am not allowed to hold a funeral for the Shen family
I still have to do it today
Today I'm not just hosting a funeral for my eldest brother
And for you and these bitches around you
Go do a corpse eight regrets
People can hold their position as the first family in Yandu
Just because it accounts for two points first
He contributed the most to the Li family massacre that year
The second is at Zhenbei Army Xianzhen Camp
Shen Wuji as commander
I know that the power of the Shen family is not quick to come out
That being the case
Then you are the Li family to start the operation first